say that beagles our fighter isn't he so
how to find a cure for cancer how's
little Timmy coming along Chester
well he's not looking too clever will
but then remember he has got cancer well
he ought to have cancer the number of
he smoked yep he's been chopping
away 20 a day for the past week which is
the equivalent for a large man and I've
been smoked all of the in the
entire world the sad thing is he's still
smoking you'd think he'd have a sense to
quit no we're just gonna have to use him
and try and find a cure of her cancer
now will you wondering whether or not
batting M across this table tennis table
might do the trick
well Chester I was thinking that it
might be a cure for cancer and you know
we'll never find out that it isn't until
we've done it to him shall I serve
now Chester did you ever see a worse
case of self-indulgence in a mouse than
this never will net once but apart from
that little my clear has to be the most
self-indulgent mouse in the scientific
community what did you do to cure the
first one well pretty much the same as
what we're trying here but I can't for
the life of me remember whether it works
well give it another go that's what I
say imagine how grateful the world will
be if we find a cure for self-indulgence
off you go that
I do remember now no it didn't work